Edit ubo to not recommend installing all filter lists (#1238)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/browsers.en.md

##### iCloud Sync

> While synchronization of Safari History, Tab Groups, and iCloud Tabs uses E2EE, bookmarks sync does [not](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303); they are only encrypted in transit and stored in an encrypted format on Apple's servers. Apple can be able to decrypt and access them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronization of Safari History, Tab Groups, iCloud Tabs, and saved passwords are E2EE. However, bookmarks are [not](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303). Apple can decrypt and access them in accordance with their [privacy policy](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/).
```

    **uBlock Origin** is a popular content blocker that could help you block ads, trackers, and fingerprinting scripts.

>     We suggest leaving the extension in its default configuration, as extra filter lists can add additional [attack surface](https://portswigger.net/research/ublock-i-exfiltrate-exploiting-ad-blockers-with-css). Only enable the AdGuard URL Tracking Protection filter list, as it makes extensions like CleanURLs and NeatURLs redundant.

Reviewer: Would it be good to mention the uBO's [blocking modes](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/wiki/Blocking-mode)?

Author: There's no mention of this in the actual ui so I don't see a point, it will probably just confuse people.

        - [:fontawesome-brands-opera: Opera](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/ublock)
        - [:fontawesome-brands-github: Source](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock)

!!! danger "Stick to the default filter lists"
    

>     Additional filter lists do slow things down and may increase your attack surface, so only apply what you need. If there is a vulnerability in uBlockOrigin, third party filters can provide malicious rules to exploit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additional filter lists do slow things down and may increase your attack surface, so only apply what you need. If there is a vulnerability in uBlock Origin, third party filters can provide malicious rules to exploit it.
```
